README.md, before:

# pbcore [![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/PacificBiosciences/pbcore.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/PacificBiosciences/pbcore)

The `pbcore` package provides Python APIs for interacting with PacBio
data files and writing bioinformatics applications.

## Installation:

    % pip install -r requirements.txt
    % python setup.py install

Note that h5py is now considered an "optional" dependency, since the old
RSII sequencing files are no longer generated by current systems and
software.  The underlying functionality has been left in place for backwards
compatibility with existing code, but you will need to install h5py manually
to use these parts of the API:

    % pip install h5py

## Documentation:

http://pacificbiosciences.github.io/pbcore/

DISCLAIMER
----------
THIS WEBSITE AND CONTENT AND ALL SITE-RELATED SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY DATA, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITH ALL FAULTS, WITH NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THIS SITE, ALL SITE-RELATED SERVICES, AND ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITES OR APPLICATIONS. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. ANY REFERENCES TO SPECIFIC PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ON THE WEBSITES DO NOT CONSTITUTE OR IMPLY A RECOMMENDATION OR ENDORSEMENT BY PACIFIC BIOSCIENCES.

Commit message:

Add bioconda information to README.md

README.md, after:

# pbcore [![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/PacificBiosciences/pbcore.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/PacificBiosciences/pbcore)

The `pbcore` package provides Python APIs for interacting with PacBio
data files and writing bioinformatics applications.

## Availability
Latest version can be installed via bioconda package `pbcore`.

Please refer to our [official pbbioconda page](https://github.com/PacificBiosciences/pbbioconda)
for information on Installation, Support, License, Copyright, and Disclaimer.

## Documentation:

http://pacificbiosciences.github.io/pbcore/

DISCLAIMER
----------
THIS WEBSITE AND CONTENT AND ALL SITE-RELATED SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY DATA, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITH ALL FAULTS, WITH NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THIS SITE, ALL SITE-RELATED SERVICES, AND ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITES OR APPLICATIONS. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. ANY REFERENCES TO SPECIFIC PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ON THE WEBSITES DO NOT CONSTITUTE OR IMPLY A RECOMMENDATION OR ENDORSEMENT BY PACIFIC BIOSCIENCES.
